Substitute synced_files references with files_to_sync (#391)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/CLI/sync-from-downstream.md

pagure_user_token: 456
```

> * Files which are synced are mentioned in `.packit.yaml` as `files_to_sync` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The files which are synced are listed in `.packit.yaml` under the `files_to_sync` configuration key.
```
